New release (#14)
ttpyorre/git_touch_of_cv_example: README.md

# git_touch_of_cv_example

> Example repository for RBE3001 students.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example repository for students who are new to GitHub. The point of this repository is to showcase different tools you can use with GitHub to enable you to work better with Git. This repository should also be accompanied with a separate showcase of how to use these tools. Some of the tools are self-explanatory and easy to find, for example assigning and creating labels. Others may be more confusing, for example reviewers adding suggestions in pull requests, and then committing those suggestions.
```

> This repository gives some simple examples of what you can do with issues and pull requests to hopefully make your repositories a bit cleaner. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hopefully you have found some use of this repository, and are able to use examples from it on your own project.
```
